README.md, before:

Hi, my name is Konstantinos,

i'm a DevOps Egineer from Munich, Germany

* 🧠  I'm currently working with Next.js, deploying apps on Kubernetes with everything that goes with it....
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Kubernetes and Next.js projects.

### Skills

![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,gcp,kubernetes,docker,nextjs,vite,vuejs,nodejs,prisma,mongodb,postgres,redis,git,jenkins,grafana,prometheus,terraform)

## My current projects in next.js

-----------------------------------

RAG ChatBot ( Comming soon )

![VA v1.3](1.png)

-----------------------------------

Classic snake game: https://snake.devops.bayern/

![VA v1.3](snake-screen.png)

-----------------------------------

Media Converter

Live: https://media-converter.devops.bayern/

![VA v1.3](main.png)
![VA v1.3](quality-select.png)
![VA v1.3](hardware-info.png)
![VA v1.3](drop-zone.png)

-----------------------------------

Video App

Git Repo: Comming soon....

![VA v3.1.1](screenshot.png)
![VA v3.1.1](player.png)
![VA v3.1.1](library.png)
![VA v3.1.1](cl2.png)
![VA v3.1.1](cl1.png)
![VA v3.1.1](custom_profile1.png)
![VA v3.1.1](category.png)
![VA v3.1.1](upladvideo.png)
![VA v3.1.1](uploadimage.png)
![VA v3.1.1](account.png)

-----------------------------------

Media Gallery

Git Repo: [NextJS-Gallery](https://github.com/tron4x/nextjs-gallery)

Live Demo: [Next.js-Gallery](https://gallery.devops.bayern/)

![Gallery v1](gallery.gif)

Commit message:

Enhance README with RAG ChatBot description
Added a brief description of the RAG ChatBot project.

README.md, after:

Hi, my name is Konstantinos,

i'm a DevOps Egineer from Munich, Germany

* 🧠  I'm currently working with Next.js, deploying apps on Kubernetes with everything that goes with it....
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Kubernetes and Next.js projects.

### Skills

![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,gcp,kubernetes,docker,nextjs,vite,vuejs,nodejs,prisma,mongodb,postgres,redis,git,jenkins,grafana,prometheus,terraform)

## My current projects in next.js


RAG ChatBot ( Comming soon )<br>
RAG system that transforms your documents into an intelligent knowledge base with AI-powered search and answers.

![VA v1.3](1.png)

-----------------------------------

Classic snake game: https://snake.devops.bayern/

![VA v1.3](snake-screen.png)

-----------------------------------

Media Converter

Live: https://media-converter.devops.bayern/

![VA v1.3](main.png)
![VA v1.3](quality-select.png)
![VA v1.3](hardware-info.png)
![VA v1.3](drop-zone.png)

-----------------------------------

Video App

Git Repo: Comming soon....

![VA v3.1.1](screenshot.png)
![VA v3.1.1](player.png)
![VA v3.1.1](library.png)
![VA v3.1.1](cl2.png)
![VA v3.1.1](cl1.png)
![VA v3.1.1](custom_profile1.png)
![VA v3.1.1](category.png)
![VA v3.1.1](upladvideo.png)
![VA v3.1.1](uploadimage.png)
![VA v3.1.1](account.png)

-----------------------------------

Media Gallery

Git Repo: [NextJS-Gallery](https://github.com/tron4x/nextjs-gallery)

Live Demo: [Next.js-Gallery](https://gallery.devops.bayern/)

![Gallery v1](gallery.gif)
